Why are you in trouble again?
This is not a fuel-efficient light coming from the front desk.
Father Emperor
The culprit Qin Feiyang has stayed
Qin Feiyang
You just got married
Then he went to the place of fireworks such as Hongchen Pavilion
He also fought the son of the richest man in money
Is there such a thing?
But this happened
Your Majesty, what Qin Feiyang did
It does damage the face of the royal family
According to Wei Chen
Reasonable weight rule
Emperor Xiaoming believes that
The money should be sent to the frontier immediately
Only in this way can we demonstrate the national law and political prestige
Distribution frontier
If you want me to think it's you who should send the frontier
presumptuous
You did something wrong.
And dare to be so confident
The courage to commit any crime
Your Majesty, I did hit Mrs. Qin
But it happened for a reason
Mrs. Qian sent an assassin to assassinate me
It's fine if you assassinate me
But if you are like a princess
That's a big sin
You don't spill blood here
bloody mouth
Here's the proof.